Clarify subgroup checks and countermeasures, fixes #10 (#21)
chris-wood/draft-bar-cfrg-spake2plus: draft-bar-cfrg-spake2plus.md

No IANA action is required.

# Security Considerations {#security}

SPAKE2+ appears in {{TDH}} and is proven secure in {{SPAKE2P-Analysis}}.

The ephemeral randomness used by the prover and verifier MUST be
generated using a cryptographically secure PRNG.

Elements received from a peer MUST be checked for group membership: failure to
properly deserialize and validate group elements can lead to attacks. An endpoint
MUST abort the protocol if any received public value is not a member of the

> large prime-order subgroup of G. Multiplication of a public value X by the
> cofactor h will yield the identity element I whenever X is an element of a
> small-order subgroup. Any X where X\*h = I MUST be discarded and abort the
> protocol flow or will lead to subgroup confinement attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
large prime-order subgroup of G. Multiplication of a public value X by the
cofactor h will yield the identity element I whenever V is an element of a
small-order subgroup. Consequently, prover and verifier MUST abort the protocol 
upon of any received value V such that V\*h = I. Failure to do so may lead to subgroup
confinement attacks.
```

Reviewer: Swapped X with V so as to not lead people to only check the prover's share (X).

No IANA action is required.

# Security Considerations {#security}

SPAKE2+ appears in {{TDH}} and is proven secure in {{SPAKE2P-Analysis}}.

The ephemeral randomness used by the prover and verifier MUST be
generated using a cryptographically secure PRNG.

Elements received from a peer MUST be checked for group membership: failure to
properly deserialize and validate group elements can lead to attacks. An endpoint
MUST abort the protocol if any received public value is not a member of the

> large prime-order subgroup of G. Multiplication of a public value X by the

Author: ```suggestion
large prime-order subgroup of G. Multiplication of a public value V by the
```

There's one more `X` here.
